Skip `deploy` workflow when PyPI token is not defined in GitHub secrets (#147)
openfisca/country-template: README.md

## Packaging your Country Package for Distribution

> Country packages are Python distributions. You can choose to distribute your package automatically via our continuous deployment system on GitHub, or manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Country packages are Python distributions. You can choose to distribute your package automatically via the predefined continuous deployment system on GitHub Actions, or manually.
```

### Automatic continuous deployment on GitHub

This repository is configured with a continuous deployment system to automate the distribution of your package via `pip`.

#### Setting up continuous deployment

To activate the continuous deployment:

1. Create an account on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/) if you don't already have one.
2. Generate a token in your PyPI account. This token will allow GitHub Actions to securely upload new versions of your package to PyPI.
3. Add this token to your GitHub repository's secrets under the name `PYPI_TOKEN`.

Once set up, changes to the `main` branch will trigger an automated workflow to build and publish your package to PyPI, making it available for `pip` installation.

### Manual distribution

If you prefer to manually manage the release and distribution of your package, follow the guidelines provided by the [Python Packaging Authority](https://python-packaging-user-guide.readthedocs.io/tutorials/distributing-packages/#packaging-your-project).

This involves detailed steps on preparing your package, creating distribution files, and uploading them to PyPI.

> ### Accessing your package
> 
> Once deployed, your package can be easily installed by users with the following command:
> 
> ```sh
> pip install openfisca-<your_country_name>
> ```

Reviewer: This is redundant with the instructions [below](https://github.com/openfisca/country-template/pull/147/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R126-R142) 🙂 
```suggestion
```
